x-powered-by is added to response, not request (#13037)
zeit/next.js: docs/api-reference/next.config.js/disabling-x-powered-by.md

---

> description: Next.js will add the `x-powered-by` header by default. Learn to opt-out of it here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Next.js will add `x-powered-by` to the response headers by default. Learn to opt-out of it here.
```

---

# Disabling x-powered-by

> By default Next.js will add the `x-powered-by` header. To opt-out of it, open `next.config.js` and disable the `poweredByHeader` config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Next.js will add `x-powered-by` to the response headers. To opt-out of it, open `next.config.js` and disable the `poweredByHeader` config:
```
